#### Customizable stages

Stages are now customizable. You can add the stages to the run_properties according to the defined schema, for example:

```yaml
stages:
  - name: 'build'
    icon: '🏗️'
  - name: 'test'
    icon: '📋'
```

#### Support single stage runs

It is now possible to run a single stage. For example, to run only the `build` stage:

```bash
mpyl build run --stage build
```

If you want the results / report of the previous stage run to be combined with your current stage run, use the
`--sequential` flag. Without this flag, the previous results will be overwritten. The results are stored in a local
file in `.mpyl` using `pickle`, see `mpyl-reporter.py` for an example on how to use them.

#### Remote artifact caching

Remote caching can be used now to significantly speed up builds.
The mechanisms are described in [the documentation](https://vandebron.github.io/mpyl/mpyl.html#caching-build-artifacts)

##### Artifact caching
Is done by bookending your build commands with `mpyl build artifacts push` and `mpyl build artifacts pop`.
```shell
mpyl build artifacts push
mpyl build run
mpyl build artifacts pop
```

##### Docker image caching

Allows you to cache from docker images in the registry. This is particularly useful in scenarios where the local
filesystem cannot be relied upon to persist between builds, such as in CI environments.

#### Implicit dependencies

If dependencies are defined for the build stage they now implicitly also apply for the test and deploy stages.

#### Support for project overlaying

The MPyL recognizes the `project-override-*.yml` files and merges them to the parent yml(`project.yml`) file in the same
directory.
Using this functionality, you can define different deployments for the same project.
For example, you can deploy the same project with different settings to different environments.
